hi my name is Laura and I'm going to
show you altered binder ideas so what
I'm going to do to alter my binder is
put decorative paper on it in an
organized nice way so what you'll need
to do this is six different pieces of
paper
I'm sorry seven well six pieces of
decorative paper and then one piece of
white paper or cardstock which is going
to be sort of your label for the binder
get things that you think go together I
like these sort of in the purple family
but yeah whatever you think will look
good together so to start off we're
gonna take one piece for one piece for
this Center center line and then the
other three are going to go on the front
and back flap so we're going to seal
this down first so that it looks neat so
get a hot glue gun or whatever glue
you're using and press that down it's
okay if a little bit of the top and the
bottom show because you know obviously
your paper is not quite as tall as the
binder I kind of like that it's got a
little bit of binder left to it so I'm
gonna flip this over and now seal it
down on this side as well with some glue
some hot hot glue all right cool the
good thing about hot glue is that it
dries fairly quickly all right so now
we're gonna open this back up and lay
out the other pieces so we're gonna want
them to goes a long way the reason we're
using three is so that they will cover
it will cover the whole the whole front
page otherwise your paper will not be
big enough so we're gonna lay it let lay
it out like this so this is going to be
where your information goes on the white
part and then here's the other the other
stuff so we're going to start from the
back and work forward
and just lay down some glue again you
can also just lay it right down on the
paper however you don't want to burn
yourself and this one we want to go all
the way up to the top and in to that
edge
okay and now we got that down so we're
gonna lay down the next layer I think
I'm gonna go write on the paper for this
glue right on the paper
all right so lay all around the outer
edges of your paper you're glue down ah
but not all the way out to the side
because it's gonna fall off the side
that's okay
all right there's that and now our last
piece
and I'm gonna glue around the edges of
the binder itself for this so this one
stays in place
and you get a little bit of leeway with
moving it around moving the paper around
after you put the glue down but you kind
of got to move fast okay so there's the
front and now we're gonna do the back so
that it matches with our other paper so
you just lay it out like this you know
the same sort of configuration and then
glue it down but you want the lines to
match up or maybe you don't maybe you
want to go the opposite on it whatever
you want to do is fine and then what
we're gonna do after you've done that
backside is take your scissors and trim
off the edges
might be easier to do looking at it like
this and if you want to you can go
further with designing this and you can
do things like use ribbon around the
outside to clean up your edges or you
can you know attach other things to it
you can write on here that's what that
was for you can like ribbon this off
ribbon around the edges or you can just
leave it as is
maybe secure this down with a little bit
of extra glue so that it'll stay for as
long as you need to use this binder and
that is an altered binder idea I'm Laura
thanks for watching
you